hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a horror-action animation film: "Resident Evil-Infinite Darkness"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
since the outbreak of the zombie virus
all countries have worked together to bring the virus under control
the crisis caused by the virus is settled
but wars among humans break out everywhere
small countries suffer a lot from the war
cities are destroyed
lots of people are forced to leave their hometowns to live in refugee camps
Claire, who survived the zombie war, now works as a social worker
she often visits the refugees and brings them supplies
once during an aid mission in Penamstan, she sees a mysterious painting from a local kid
the painting depicts zombies attacking humans, which is scary
meanwhile, agent Shen May is called to attend an emergency meeting in the White House
besides Shen May, also attending the meeting are agent Leon and the Noodle Hair
the Blonde Guy, a war hero who fought in the civil war in Penamstan, is also in attendance
the US government provides military assistance to government forces
a few hours ago, the White House was attacked by a hacking incident
top-secret presidential documents have been accessed illegally
since the server uses a LAN, nobody can access it from outside
the president suspects there is a mole in the White House
they have checked all the monitors, but find nothing suspicious
so the president and the defense minister gather the group, hoping they can find the mole
right then, there is a sudden blackout
everyone is on high alert
agents go out to check what is going on
the Noodle Hair encounters an infected employee, now a zombie
luckily, Leon comes to help in time
he shoots the employee and saves the Noodle Hair
seeing zombies there
they return to the office and escort the president to a secret bunker
the Noodle Hair is responsible for protecting the president
while Leon, the Blonde Guy and Shen May deal with the zombies outside the bunker
luckily, there are not many zombies inside the White House
soon, they manage to kill all the zombies
the next day, a medical team come and remove all the bodies
Leon and the Blonde Guy wonder where the zombies came from and who is behind all this
Leon starts to investigate
meanwhile, Claire comes to the White House to apply for funds
so as to build hospitals and schools in the refugee camps
Claire meets Leon and shows him the painting she saw in Penamstan
according to its clues, she thinks during the civil war
somebody has used biochemical weapons in Penamstan
Leon believes Claire is overthinking it
the defense minister finds that the secret file accessed by the hacker is related to China
including the information about a Shanghai-based biological research facility
therefore, he assumes that the Chinese are behind it
he hopes the president can send Leon to investigate
later, Leon, the Blonde Guy, and Shen May are sent to China by the newest stealth submarine
with the mission to break into the research facility to find out if it is all related
while the Noodle Hair stays behind to protect the president
on the other side, Claire finds there is more behind the painting
so she researches further and learns that during the Penamstan civil war
the US sent an army troop there
the American army was resisted by local people and forced to withdraw from Penamstan
not long after that, all soldiers killed themselves at home
only the Blonde Guy and another soldier survived
one night, when Leon is walking around
he happens to see the Blonde Guy injecting himself in the toilet
so he asks him what is going on
the Blonde Guy tells him that there was a virus outbreak in Penamstan
the US worried that the virus would spread
so they sent the Blonde Guy and a troop there to 'help'
however, once an American soldier died there
the US government could use it as an excuse to launch an attack and destroy the whole city
resulting in claiming many innocent lives there
feeling guilty for that, some of the soldiers chose to commit suicide
the Blonde Guy has resorted to tranquilizers ever since
right then, the submarine shakes violently
they rush to the cockpit, but only to find many dead bodies of the crew
there is a terrifying look and scratches on their faces
Leon and the Blonde Guy decide to hunt the murderer separately
Leon is horrified to see some infected rats coming out of a dead body
he knows it is a military biological weapon
but he doesn't understand how this thing appears on the submarine
still in confusion, he sees countless infected rats burst out of the bodies
the emergency alarm goes off at the same time
showing that the submarine self-destruction program will be activated in 5 minutes
Leon runs to the rescue capsule
the Blonde Guy and Shen May are waiting for him there already
the three of them evacuate the submarine together in an escape pod
when the US government hears of this, they start an investigation immediately
and find that when the submarine exploded, a Chinese fleet was nearby
so the defense minister blames the destruction on the Chinese
as things get worse, the defense minister decides to raise the national emergency level
Leon and others land in Shanghai safely and arrive at a safe house
when Shen May uses a dagger to open the door, Leon spots there is blood on it
he realizes it was Shen May and the Blonde Guy that actually killed the crew on the submarine
Leon asks the Blonde Guy why they did it
the Blonde Guy is very frank
he tells Leon they are looking for evidence to expose the conspiracy of the US government
he is full of hatred for America after what happened in Penamstan
and determined to expose what they did
suddenly, the Blonde Guy takes out a gun
Leon shoots him first and fights with Shen May
Shen May realizes she is no match for Leon, so she escapes out
then, she comes to meet her grandfather in a manor
but never expects Leon to follow her there and take a security guard hostage
Leon also sees her infected brother there
at this point, Shen May has to tell him the truth
the defense minister works with a pharmaceutical company making bio-chemical weapons
and Penamstan was a test-run for the weapons
Shen May's brother is one of the bioweapon soldiers
who was sent to Penamstan to test the weapon
however, the virus spread by accident
causing many civilians to be infected and to become zombies
during the evacuation, they were stopped by the rebels
when this comes to light, the defense minister sent the Blonde Guy and a troop to Penamstan
attempting to cover the whole incident and rescue the people working for him
when the Blonde Guy and his team arrived, Shen May's brother was the only survivor
they were attacked by zombies during the evacuation
as a result, everyone had been infected
in order to save them, Shen May's brother gave the Blonde Guy the virus inhibitor
but became a zombie himself
the Blonde Guy didn't report to headquarters about Shen May's brother after he returned
instead, he contacted Shen May's grandfather and sent her brother's body to Shanghai
there is still some virus remaining in the Blonde Guy and other soldiers' bodies
in order to survive the infection
they need to get more inhibitors from the defense minister
the defense minister threatens them with the inhibitor
directing them to conduct cruel missions for him
most of the soldiers in the Blonde Guy's team committed suicide
because they couldn't stand his control
as the defense minister desires more money and power
he takes the inhibitor as his trump card
he planned the attack in the White House and the destruction of the submarine
hoping to start a war between America and China
through all of which, he can take use of his bioweapons and the virus inhibitors
to gain more money and power
Shen May has been looking for evidence to destroy the defense minister
for the death of her brother
and the Blonde Guy wants to eliminate the defense minister's control
so they decide to work together
after 6 years of investigation, they finally gather enough evidence
all bioweapon soldiers are implanted with a chip to record their vitals and their combat data
that chip contains information such as who created him and who sent him into battle
there is also a chip in Shen May's brother's body
the Blonde Guy didn't report her brother back then
so the defense minister thought all bioweapon soldiers were dead
Shen May believes if they go public with the chip
they could expose the defense minister's conspiracy
suddenly, the manor is bombed, and the building collapses
Leon struggles hard to save Shen May out
but her brother and grandfather are buried there forever
right then, Leon believes that the Blonde Guy is still alive
because only he could know this place and should be responsible for the bomb
in the meantime, Claire finds the other survivor in the Blonde Guy's team
according to the information she got from the news
unfortunately, when she arrives, he has shot himself
Claire finds a diary where he wrote down every detail that happened in Penamstan
she goes to confront the defense minister about the conspiracy
but she is then captured by the defense minister's men
Leon doesn't agree with making the chip public now
because he believes that the defense minister's men will retaliate against Shen May
and also, the Blonde Guy didn't do this for the sake of justice
he just wants the world to suffer like him
hearing that, Shen May loses herself in her thoughts
they decide to return to America to stop the defense minister
in the meantime, he calls the Noodle Hair and asks him to tell the president the truth
Claire wakes up in a lab, and the defense minister is standing right in front of her
he confides to her that he does not only develop bioweapons
but also makes bioweapon soldiers for future wars
the president is going to hold a press conference and take a firm stance against China
just then, the Blonde Guy appears in the lab
the defense minister still wants to control the Blonde Guy with the virus inhibitor
but it doesn't work anymore
because the Blonde Guy injected himself with the newest virus before he came there
and turns into a horrible monster suddenly
he kills the defense minister easily
soon the AI system in the base detects that there is biochemical leakage
and starts the cleansing procedure automatically
acid pours into the base from all directions to destroy all the bioweapons
not long after, Leon and Shen May arrive at the lab
Shen May stands in front of the Blonde Guy, trying to stop him
she can't bear to see the Blonde Guy
a good man who saved her brother, has become a monster
the Blonde Guy doesn't listen and kills her
he has lost himself and goes on a rampage
he wants to get out and kill more people, making everyone suffer from the virus
later, Leon finds Claire and sets her free
Leon finds a rocket launcher and fires at the Blonde Guy but misses it
enraged by that, the monster throws an iron bridge at Leon and Claire
Leon manages to avoid it, but Claire is hit and knocked out
when the monster is close to escaping through the roof
Leon pulls a lever
causing the whole floor to fall into the sea of acid, including the monster
who dies in an instant
while Leon holds onto a chain and escapes
moments later, right before making his speech to the public
the president receives the important message from Leon and the Noodle Hair
he chooses to believe them and therefore changes his speech content
in the final scene, the trapped defense minister is saved by a mysterious man
who injected with the same virus shot as that taken by the Blonde Guy
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out